#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.18
    # via langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
aiosqlite==0.21.0
    # via langgraph-checkpoint-sqlite
altair==5.5.0
    # via streamlit
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anthropic==0.51.0
    # via langchain-teddynote
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   google-genai
    #   httpx
    #   openai
apscheduler==3.11.0
    # via -r requirements.in
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
authlib==1.3.1
    # via weaviate-client
blinker==1.9.0
    # via
    #   flask
    #   streamlit
build==1.2.2.post1
    # via pip-tools
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   streamlit
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   pinecone-client
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   flask
    #   nltk
    #   pip-tools
    #   streamlit
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   build
    #   click
    #   tqdm
cryptography==44.0.3
    # via authlib
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via langchain-community
deepl==1.22.0
    # via langchain-teddynote
deprecation==2.1.0
    # via weaviate-client
distro==1.9.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   openai
feedparser==6.0.11
    # via langchain-teddynote
filelock==3.18.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
flasgger==0.9.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
flask==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flasgger
    #   flask-cors
flask-cors==5.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
frozenlist==1.6.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2025.3.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
gitdb==4.0.12
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.44
    # via streamlit
google-auth==2.40.2
    # via google-genai
google-genai==1.18.0
    # via -r requirements.in
googleapis-common-protos==1.70.0
    # via
    #   pinecone-client
    #   protoc-gen-openapiv2
greenlet==3.2.2
    # via sqlalchemy
grpcio==1.71.0
    # via
    #   grpcio-health-checking
    #   grpcio-tools
    #   pinecone-client
    #   weaviate-client
grpcio-health-checking==1.71.0
    # via weaviate-client
grpcio-tools==1.71.0
    # via weaviate-client
h11==0.16.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   google-genai
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
    #   tavily-python
    #   weaviate-client
httpx-sse==0.4.0
    # via langchain-community
huggingface-hub==0.31.1
    # via
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via flask
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   altair
    #   flask
    #   pydeck
    #   torch
jiter==0.9.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   openai
joblib==1.5.0
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   scikit-learn
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via
    #   altair
    #   flasgger
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via jsonschema
kiwipiepy==0.21.0
    # via langchain-teddynote
kiwipiepy-model==0.21.0
    # via kiwipiepy
langchain==0.3.25
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-teddynote
langchain-community==0.3.24
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-core==0.3.59
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
    #   langchain-weaviate
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-checkpoint
    #   langgraph-prebuilt
langchain-openai==0.3.16
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-teddynote==0.3.45
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.8
    # via langchain
langchain-weaviate==0.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
langgraph==0.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-teddynote
langgraph-checkpoint==2.0.25
    # via
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-checkpoint-sqlite
    #   langgraph-prebuilt
langgraph-checkpoint-sqlite==2.0.7
    # via -r requirements.in
langgraph-prebuilt==0.1.8
    # via langgraph
langgraph-sdk==0.1.69
    # via langgraph
langsmith==0.3.42
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
lz4==4.4.4
    # via pinecone-client
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via dataclasses-json
mistune==3.1.3
    # via flasgger
mmh3==4.1.0
    # via pinecone-text
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.4.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via typing-inspect
mysql-connector-python==9.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
narwhals==1.39.0
    # via altair
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
networkx==3.4.2
    # via torch
nltk==3.9.1
    # via pinecone-text
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   kiwipiepy
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-weaviate
    #   pandas
    #   pinecone-text
    #   pydeck
    #   rank-bm25
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   streamlit
    #   transformers
olefile==0.47
    # via langchain-teddynote
openai==1.78.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-teddynote
orjson==3.10.18
    # via
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
ormsgpack==1.9.1
    # via langgraph-checkpoint
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   build
    #   deprecation
    #   flasgger
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   marshmallow
    #   streamlit
    #   transformers
pandas==2.2.3
    # via
    #   langchain-teddynote
    #   streamlit
pdf2image==1.17.0
    # via langchain-teddynote
pillow==11.2.1
    # via
    #   pdf2image
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   streamlit
pinecone-client[grpc]==6.0.0
    # via langchain-teddynote
pinecone-plugin-interface==0.0.7
    # via pinecone-client
pinecone-text==0.10.0
    # via langchain-teddynote
pip-tools==7.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
propcache==0.3.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
protobuf==5.29.4
    # via
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-health-checking
    #   grpcio-tools
    #   pinecone-client
    #   protoc-gen-openapiv2
    #   streamlit
protoc-gen-openapiv2==0.0.1
    # via pinecone-client
pyarrow==20.0.0
    # via streamlit
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.11.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anthropic
    #   google-genai
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langgraph
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   weaviate-client
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.9.1
    # via langchain-community
pydeck==0.9.1
    # via streamlit
pymysql==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pyproject-hooks==1.2.0
    # via
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   pandas
    #   pinecone-client
python-dotenv==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pinecone-text
    #   pydantic-settings
pytz==2025.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   flasgger
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   transformers
rank-bm25==0.2.2
    # via langchain-teddynote
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   deepl
    #   google-genai
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   pinecone-text
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   streamlit
    #   tavily-python
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
rpds-py==0.24.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9.1
    # via google-auth
safetensors==0.5.3
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==1.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sentence-transformers
scipy==1.15.3
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
sentence-transformers==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sgmllib3k==1.0.0
    # via feedparser
simsimd==6.2.1
    # via langchain-weaviate
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   flasgger
    #   python-dateutil
smmap==5.0.2
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   anyio
    #   openai
sqlalchemy==2.0.40
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
streamlit==1.45.1
    # via -r requirements.in
sympy==1.14.0
    # via torch
tavily-python==0.7.2
    # via langchain-teddynote
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   streamlit
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via scikit-learn
tiktoken==0.9.0
    # via
    #   langchain-openai
    #   tavily-python
tokenizers==0.21.1
    # via transformers
toml==0.10.2
    # via streamlit
torch==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sentence-transformers
tornado==6.4.2
    # via streamlit
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   kiwipiepy
    #   nltk
    #   openai
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
transformers==4.51.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sentence-transformers
types-requests==2.32.0.20250328
    # via pinecone-text
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   aiosqlite
    #   altair
    #   anthropic
    #   anyio
    #   google-genai
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   openai
    #   pinecone-client
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   referencing
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   streamlit
    #   torch
    #   typing-inspect
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
typing-inspection==0.4.0
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
tzdata==2025.2
    # via
    #   pandas
    #   tzlocal
tzlocal==5.3.1
    # via apscheduler
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via
    #   pinecone-client
    #   requests
    #   types-requests
validators==0.34.0
    # via weaviate-client
watchdog==6.0.0
    # via streamlit
weaviate-client==4.14.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-weaviate
websockets==15.0.1
    # via google-genai
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via
    #   flask
    #   flask-cors
wheel==0.45.1
    # via pip-tools
xxhash==3.5.0
    # via langgraph
yarl==1.20.0
    # via aiohttp
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via langsmith

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
